in today's video we will run through
2017's crime horror
1922 where a simple yet proud farmer in
the year 1922 conspires to murder his
wife for financial gain
convincing his teenage son to assist but
their actions have unintended
consequences
spoilers ahead you have been warned now
like the video and subscribe to the
channel if you enjoy this video
the movie begins with wilford james in
1930 walking through the streets of
omaha
he checks into a hotel room and looks
around before sitting down to write a
confession to a crime he committed in
the year 1922.
he starts by blaming the land owned by
his wife as the issue that led to his
crime
his wife arlette christina winters james
had 100 acres of land in hemingford home
nebraska to her name it was passed down
to her from her father's death
wilfred wanted to merge that land with
his own 80 acres of freehold farm and
hopefully pass it to their son
henry freeman james someday according to
wilfred in 1922
a man's pride was a man's land and so
was his son
there was just one issue arlett was
never fond of farming life
she wanted to sell her part of the land
to the farmington company
wilfred asks arlette what she wants to
do with the money after selling the land
at dinner one day
she suggests moving to omaha and
starting a business henry however
opposes the idea and sides with his
father
in frustration wilfred even offers to
buy the land from her and pay her little
by little in eight years
our let laughs at his idea and suggest
one of her own she wants them to sell
both of their lands
split the money and then get a divorce
wilfred is extremely against it mainly
because he would be separated from henry
wilfred asks her for some time to think
it over meanwhile he thinks of going to
the law but his hatred for arlett stops
him
he tells her he won't let her sell the
land without a fight that day he finds
henry and his girlfriend
shannon cautery together in the basement
shannon is their next-door neighbor
wilford decides to use henry and
shannon's relationship to his advantage
he feuds henry against his mother
telling him that she wants to take him
away from his father and shannon
wilfred tries to convince henry to help
him murder his own mother
that night during dinner henry lashes
out at arlet and tells her to leave so
they can be a family again
arlet tells henry to discipline him she
tells him that no matter what she will
sell the land and bring henry to omaha
arlet plans to open a dress shop there
wilfred finally convinces henry to be on
his side
he then makes arlet believe that after
thinking about it he is ready to go to
omaha with her
arlette is over the moon she almost
cannot believe it she kisses wilfred for
the first time in forever
that night she gets drunk as wilfred and
henry watcher wilfred brings her
upstairs and puts her to bed
then he asks henry to help him henry
wishes there was another way
but wilfred convinces him that the only
way for him and shannon to be together
is to kill arlet later henry walks into
a room to wilfred holding a knife
they slowly go into the couple's room
henry with a sack
and wilfred with a knife henry sobson
wishes his mom goodbye before
suffocating her with a sack
wilfred then stabs her to death blood
splatters everywhere
in 1922 wilfred had murdered his wife
with the help of his son
wolford and henry then wrapped barlett's
body with a bed sheet and bring her
outside
henry passes out before they get rid of
the body wilfred drags the corpse and
throws it into a dried well nearby
after the disposal of the body the
father and son clean the blood
splattered on the ground
wilfred packs up the blooded mattress
and all of our lead stuff to throw it in
the well too when he opens the well's
cover to do that
he sees arlet's body infested by rats
one even gets into her mouth
the horrifying sight makes him panic he
throws the luggage at them in the hope
of getting them away from her body
wilfred makes up a story about her
leaving somewhere unknown to people
no one suspects him a few days later the
farmington company lawyer comes looking
for our lead
the family tells him the same story but
the lawyer seems to be suspicious as to
why she would miss an opportunity to
sell the land at such a good price
however he can do nothing wilfred has to
quickly think of a plan to fill the well
so he brings a cow and makes it stand on
top of the wells cover the cover cannot
handle its weight and break sending the
cow down to the bottom
but it doesn't stop moving so wilfred
shoots it dead
he and henry then fill the mice infested
well with the mud that day the lawyer
sends the town sheriff to their house
he searches the house to make sure the
family is not hiding our lit
wilfred shows him her clothes and
belongings when he is about to leave
they even invite him to have a look at
the buried well
wilfred narrates that summer was the
best for the crops to grow on the farm
and associates it with satan rewarding
him for his evil deeds
shannon is worried about henry's strange
behavior she voices her concerns to
wilfred
she thinks he might be having affairs
with other girls at his school wolford
assures her that's not the case
then she tells him she is sorry about
arlet's disappearance
suddenly the cows on the farm start
making a lot of noise
wilfred goes in to check when he finds
the cowshed infested by rats
they had come in through a pipe that led
to the well the sight makes wilfred puke
he shoves a cloth into the pipe to block
it when he comes back to the house he
sees outlet shadow
but it turns out to be henry the next
day he shields the pipe entirely
as he writes this in his notebook
wilfred hears a mouse screeching in the
back
the room's wall starts to crack the next
day henry comes to the house with news
sharon is pregnant with his child henry
wants to get married but wilfred tells
him that he is too young
he brings up his mother and tells
wilfred that she would have allowed him
some money to run away with sharon
just then sharon's father harlan cautery
enters he is the wealthiest of the
farmers in the town
wilfred is jealous of his brand new
cadillac and home water pipeline
but more so he is jealous of his
obedient wife
he wants to send sharon to a catholic
home in omaha until she gives birth
when she will give the child up for
adoption sharon's stay will cost him 300
he knows given wilfred's poor status
that he cannot pay for half of it
so he asks him to pay at least 75
he also tells wilfred that he should
have let arlette sell those 100 acres to
farmington
he would have money and a loving wife if
he had done that henry doesn't agree to
send sharon off
he suggests to wilfred that they can run
away he is against the idea
henry lashes out at his father saying
that he cannot tell him what to do
he blames wilfred for his mother's death
and tells him there was another way
when henry leaves for school the next
day wilfred looks through arlet's
belongings searching for money she must
have saved
he finds twenty dollars inside of her
hat the next day he drives to a bank to
take a loan of 35 dollars to pay harlan
cautery
he stays there for a while but when he
comes out his truck is gone
he finds a note from henry it says that
he has left with sharon and taken the
truck
in the note he warns wilfred that if he
sends the sheriff looking for them
he will expose the truth about his
mother's death
wilfred is reading a book alone that
night but he cannot get the thought of
our light's death out of his mind
he is startled when a drop of blood
drops into his book he looks up to see
if it is just his leaky ceiling
he cannot sleep that night the following
day the town sheriff informs wilfred of
a robbery in a nearby town
he thinks henry could have done it
wilfred on the other hand tells him that
his boy's a gentleman
and wouldn't do such a thing wilfred
takes out a mortgage of 750
the next day he had to fix the leak on
the roof but more than that
he had to work to keep himself sane
during the winters he returns home with
the money when a rat bites his palm
wounding it severely
he steps on the rat leaving it squashed
and bloodied on the floor
he ages injured palm and scrubs the butt
off the floor with the other one
it is snowing the next day he removes
the bandage from his palm to see that
the wound has been infected
he walks through the snow to his car to
go to the doctor but he has a hard time
starting it with just one hand
in despair he comes back to the house
the door starts creaking and banging
continuously
he looks through it to see his wife's
ghost standing outside the house
scared he runs inside and peeks through
the hallway door she is coming towards
him
wilfred then runs down to the basement
he falls from the stairs and when he
looks up hundreds of rats along with
arlet's infected body come through the
door
the rats get to wilfred and surround him
he comes face to face with our led
spirit
wilfred writes that she whispered
secrets to him that only a dead woman
could know
she tells him that henry has become a
robber in the city he managed to sneeze
sharon out of the catholic home
they became a famous criminal duo called
the sweetheart bandits and killed
several people
she tells him how sharon got shot and
her child died
wilfred begs her to stop and just kill
him slice his throat as he sliced hers
but she wants to make him suffer more
she tells him how henry found sharon
dead in a bed and then killed himself
afterward
in despair wilfred listens to her
whisper of his son's death who he
cherished the most
a few days later wilfred goes to a
doctor to get his wound checked
the infection has grown so much that it
has to be amputated
the sheriff tells him that they had
found the dead body of a woman in a
ditch who is expected to be our lead
wilfred goes along with the story after
a few days henry's corpse is brought to
the village on a train
at the station wilfred is surrounded by
reporters who ask him about henry's
death
he is terrified to see henry's decaying
corpse several rats had infested his
body
he kisses henry's corpse on the head and
orders him the finest coffin
he writes that no father should have to
kiss his son for the last time
but if there is anyone who deserves it
it is him wilfred tries to sell the 100
acres of land to shannon's father who
tells him to leave his property and
never come back with no other way he
sells it to a livestock company at a low
price
wilfred moves to omaha and finds a job
hauling pallets
by the time he completes writing this
his hotel room is completely filled with
hundreds of rats
the corpses of our let henry and sharon
stand in front of him
henry holds the knife he used to kill
our lead the movie ends as wilford
narrates
in the end we all get caught
thanks for watching make sure to like
the video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to the channel to see more of
these movie summaries